The DNS Operations Working Group will develop guidelines for the
operation of DNS software and services and for the administration
of DNS zones.  These guidelines will provide technical information
relating to the implementation of the DNS protocol by the operators
and administrators of DNS zones. The group will perform the following
activities:

1. Describe practices by which Domain Name System (DNS) software
   may be efficiently and correctly administered, configured, and
   operated on Internet networks. This will include root zone name
   servers, TLD name servers, or any other resolver or server
   functioning as part of the global DNS.  As part of this effort,
   the group will produce documents explaining to the general
   Internet community what processes and mechanisms should be
   employed for the effective management and operation of DNS
   software and services, including root, TLD, and recursive servers.

2. Publish documents concerning DNSSEC operational procedures.

3. Publish documents concerning DNS operational
   procedures in IPv6 and mixed IPv6-IPv4 networks, and provide
   documentation and guidance on DNS-related IPv6 transition and
   coexistence issues.

4. Publish documents  to address operational issues with the DNS
    protocols by  extending or performing protocol maintenance 
    on them.  Act as  focal-point for operator discussion and provide 
    advice to the Ops ADs and other WGs on EDNS0 options,  new 
    RRTYPEs, DNSSEC,  record synthesis, or other mechanics of  
    extending DNS to support other applications. 

5. Serve as a home for drafts that document the problem space 
   around existing or new DNS issues.  The group, with the advice 
   and consent of the responsible AD in coordination with other areas, 
   will then decide whether these  issues belong in DNSOP  under 
   the existing charter and, if not,  will work with the authors and 
   appropriate ADs to determine the proper place for the work to be 
   carried out. 

6. Publish documents that attempt to better define the overlapping
   area among the public DNS root, DNS-like names as used in local
   or restricted naming scopes, and the 'special names' registry
   that IETF manages, perhaps including how they might interact.
   This work must take into consideration issues that are strictly
   beyond the operation of the DNS itself, and the working group
   will consult with IETF liaisons to other organizations as
   appropriate.
