1. Summary

Document Shepherd:  Tim Wicinski
Area Director:      Joel Jaggeli

Document Type:      Best Current Practice

This document describes the queries that a DNS resolver should emit
to initialize its cache.  The result is that the resolver gets both a
current NS RRSet for the root zone and the necessary address
information for reaching the root servers.


2. Review and Consensus


This document has been active in the working group for several years. It
had strong consensus to adopt and publish.  However, due to working
group inertia and authors busy schedules, the document stalled several times.
It was picked back up recently and the document went through an editing
process to streamline the language.

This time through the process there was enough attention paid by the working
group to address any outstanding issues, provide editorial comments, and see
the document through.

3. Intellectual Property

The authors stated that their direct, personal knowledge of any IPR
related to this document has already been disclosed.

4. Other Points

There are no downward references to this document, and the shepherd is
satisfied with this.

IANA Considerations:
    There are no IANA Considerations


Checklist

X - Does the shepherd stand behind the document and think the document is
ready for publication?

X - Is the correct RFC type indicated in the title page header?

X - Is the abstract both brief and sufficient, and does it stand alone as
a brief summary?

X - Is the intent of the document accurately and adequately explained in
the introduction?

X - Have all required formal reviews (MIB Doctor, Media Type, URI,
etc.) been requested and/or completed?

X - Has the shepherd performed automated checks

X - Has each author stated that their direct, personal knowledge of any
IPR related to this document has already been disclosed, in conformance
with BCPs 78 and 79?

X - Have all references within this document been identified as either
normative or informative, and does the shepherd agree with how they have
been classified?

X - Are all normative references made to documents that are ready for
advancement and are otherwise in a clear state?

X - If publication of this document changes the status of any existing RFCs,
are those RFCs listed on the title page header, and are the changes
listed in the abstract and discussed (explained, not just mentioned)
in the introduction?

X - If this is a "bis" document, have all of the errata been considered?

X - IANA Considerations:
