DNS Operations (DNSOP) Working Group
IETF 96, Berlin
Monday 18 July 2016
Minutes taken Paul Hoffman
Text from slides not included here; please read the slides

Chairs: Tim Wicinski, Suzanne Woolf

Current WG documents: https://svn.tools.ietf.org/svn/wg/dnsop/doclist.html
	Also see https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/dnsop/documents/

Agenda Bashing, Blue Sheets, etc,
	Nothing

Updates of Old Work
	Three RFCs
	Three drafts in IESG evaluation
	Waiting on two docs
	Five drafts will come through the pipeline
	One draft in call for adoption
	Matt Larson
		ZSK size is increasing, KSK is rolling
	Lots of drafts are being considered for adoption

draft-ietf-dnsop-terminology-bis status: Paul Hoffman
	Aaron Falk: If we can't agree on a term, maybe we should stop using the term
	Benno Overeinder: Are we also looking for implementations?
		Paul: No.

draft-ietf-dnsop-nsec-aggressiveuse: Warren Kumari
	Aaron: Your amount dropped below where it started, are legitimate queries being dropped?
		Warren: We did check, and we're quite sure
	John Levine: You could instead be mirroring the root
		Warren: Yes, but this helps for some DDoS
		John: Also usable for IPv6 reverse DNS blacklists
			You have old advice
	Duane Wessels: Did you turn this on for everything?
		Warren: Yes

TLS-TCP-DNS implementation: Sara Dickinson
	Lots of recent improvement, including this weekend at the hackathon
		Both authoritative and stubs
	Ondrej Sury: Can you add padding to the server tests?

draft-bellis-dnsop-session-signal: Ray Bellis
	Ben Schwartz: How does interact with HTTP wire format draft?
		Ray: Should not be bad
		Ben: HTTP 2 allows out-of-order
	Aaron: The PLUS BoF on Thursday might be of interest, this might be a user of PLUS
	Stewart Cheshire: These sessions defines a session of a particular type, so it can run over any transport that handles it
		Do we use something small (will surprise tools) or EDNS0?
			Suzanne: take that to the list

draft-wkumari-dnsop-multiple-responses: Wes Hardaker and Warren Kumari
	Ralf Weber: EXTRA record allows DOSing
		Wes: Suggest to have policy on when to use
	Christian Huitema: Browsers already do something like this
		Is this really worth it?
		Warren: There is more than the web
		Wes: This does not help a resolver that has already cached the information, of course
		Christian: Double-optimization may lead to worse performance
	Jim Reid: Similar to an ANY amplification attack
		Can we get some data on what the optimization benefit will before we move forwards on this?
		Warren: yes, we shoud
	Sara: How does this affect client-subnet
		Warren: Has to be from the authoritative server
	Marc Blanchet: Any problem with DNS64?
		Warren: Yes, DNSSEC
	Teddy Hogeborn: Issue with format of record
		Wes: This will probably change
		Teddy: This might help because of SRV
	David Lawrence: With client-subnet, you'll have to give the most specific answer
		An authoritative server should need to be sure that it was authoritative
		Wes: You have that issue today with DNSSEC and TTLs
	Hums: Lots of people want to hear more data first

draft-bellis-dnsext-multi-qtypes: Ray Bellis
	Limited to one QNAME/QCLASS
	If we decide not to do any mulitple-query proposals, we should write a document why
	John Levine: What if you're getting a CNAME back?
		Has to be specified
		Mark Andrews: We can specify how to do this
	Kazunori Fujiwara: Wants a summary of why the previous proposals failed
	Ralf Weber: The only real use case is A/AAAA, the rest are not that useful optimizations
		Ray: Also MX/A
	David Lawrence: Likes this for A/AAAA
	Pieter Lexis: You are copying the QR bit: why?
		Ray: They certailny still exist. Helps prevent someone just mirroring.
	Shane Kerr: Can be a huge win with A/AAAA

draft-woodworth-bulk-rr: John Woodworth
	Viktor Dukhovni: Is this record available for client queries?
		John: Yes
		Viktor: This will require on-the-fly NSEC
		John: If it is not on-the-fly, the client needs to be updated
			Should only use on-the-fly
	David Lawrence: Likes this. Don't attach this to a wildcard label.
	Teddy: It is not really a record type. Maybe it should be a directive instead, but then it doesn't work with AXFR.
		Maybe needs a new form of zone transfer.
	Ed Lewis: DNAME redirects but doesn't need to be signed. Just needs a signature on redirector.

draft-muks-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones
	Tim: Read the draft because this might come up in the WG

Special Names Portion: Suzanne Woolf
	Note from the minutes-taker: If you are reading this, you *really* should read all the slides, including Suzanne's
	draft-adpkja-dnsop-special-names-problem: Geoff Huston
	draft-tldr-sutld-ps: Ted Lemon
	draft-wkumari-dnsop-alt-tld: Warren Kumari
	draft-cheshire-sudn-ipv4only-dot-arpa: David Schinazi
	Discussion starts
	Paul Hoffman: Doesn't like the history section because it doesn't quote, it retells
	Alain: Doesn't think that there are preferences in draft-adpkja, please send to the list
		There is a fair amont of overlap in the problems listed
		Difference: how to evaluate a particular string
	Ted: draft-adpkja covers problems with 6761, draft-tldr covers the bigger problem
	Alain: Might want to publish separately because they are on different topics
	Joel Jaeggli: Expected an alternative draft, but thinks that adopting two would be bad
	Ralph Droms: Thinks draft-tldr is a superset of draft-adpkja
		Some things in draft-adpkja are not problems, but just not as well specified
		Which covers the larger set
		Ted: Did not cover problems with solutions
	Stewart: Thanks to Ted and Ralph
	Geoff: Part of the problem is what can be unilaterally solvable in the IETF
		draft-tldr cannot be addressed ourselve
	Suzanne: Maybe will have an interim soon

